[Music]
the entire time I knew him he only ever
had one call
to wipe out half the universe if he gets
all the Infinity stones she can do it
with the snap of his fingers just like
that tell me his name again
Santos
[Music]
we got one advantage
she's coming to us
we have a dance once so that's what we
use
[Music]
let's talk about this plan dears I think
it's good except it sucks so let me do
the plan and that way it might be really
good
Wow
in is near
Oh none done
half of humanity will still exist
perfectly balanced
as all things should be
I hope they remember you
[Music]
I'm Peter by the way dr. strange Oh
using your made-up names then I am
spider-man
you